defining the meaning of UAS LAS (#215)
sebastianruder/NLP-progress: english/dependency_parsing.md

Models are evaluated on the [Stanford Dependency](https://nlp.stanford.edu/software/dependencies_manual.pdf)
conversion (**v3.3.0**) of the Penn Treebank with __predicted__ POS-tags. Punctuation symbols

> are excluded from the evaluation. Evaluation metrics are unlabeled attachment score (UAS), which mean that the attachment between the head and the child is not labelled with the relation semantic and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are excluded from the evaluation. Evaluation metrics are unlabeled attachment score (UAS) and labeled attachment score (LAS). UAS does not consider the semantic relation (e.g. Subj) used to label the attachment between the head and the child, while LAS requires a semantic label for each attachment.
```

Reviewer: I've split the sentences and corrected some grammar to make the description a bit clearer.

Author: thx
